

// Disclaimer:
// Users of this contract should conduct their own research and consult with a qualified professional before making any investment decisions. This contract is not intended to provide financial or investment advice.
// The owner of this contract is not responsible for any loss or damage resulting from the use of this contract, including, but not limited to, any loss of funds or tokens. Users of this contract are solely responsible for their own actions and assume all risks associated with the use of this contract.
// This ERC20 contract is provided "as is" without any express or implied warranties, including, but not limited to, warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, and non-infringement. This contract is intended for educational and experimental purposes only. The owner and/or any representatives of this contract shall not be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, exemplary, or consequential damages (including, but not limited to, procurement of substitute goods or services, loss of use, data, or profits, or business interruption) however caused and on any theory of liability, whether in contract, strict liability, or tort (including negligence or otherwise) arising in any way out of the use of this contract, even if advised of the possibility of such damage. No future financial benefits and/or rights are promised
// SNTZL is fully operation on the existing ERC20-network, allowing it to function as a decentralised means of exchange or store of value, no further funds are needed to be raised, for any development or maintenance of any sort.
// The SNTZL ERC20 contract is not connected to any other activities or products, no further services are being offered. The owner of this contract also reserves the right to refuse any service to anyone at any time for any reason.
// $SNTZL is a meme coin with no intrinsic value or expectation of financial return. There is no formal team or roadmap. The coin is completely useless and for entertainment purposes only. 
// Users of the ERC20 Schnitzel Coin (SNTZL) contract should conduct their own research and consult with a qualified professional before making any investment decisions. 
// By acquiring and or trading SNTZL (Schnitzel Coin), you acknowledge and consent to the understanding that you are not acquiring a security or investment contract. Furthermore, you agree to indemnify the project team of this website and the owners of the contract, absolving them of liability for any potential losses or tax obligations you may encounter. 
// While SNTZL operates as a community-focused DeFi Ecosystem and is not recognized as a registered digital currency, it is imperative to ensure full compliance with the applicable local laws and regulations preceding any transactions.
// By using this contract, you acknowledge that you have read this disclaimer and agree to its terms and conditions.
